README.md, before:

# 👋 Hello
I'm Ori, an Algorithms Engineer with cross-domain experience in developing and deploying Machine Learning solutions across research and production environments. I'm currently pursuing a Master’s in Computer Science at [Bar-Ilan University](https://www.biu.ac.il/en) in Israel, researching Deep Learning for Computer Vision under the supervision of [Prof. Gal Chechik](https://chechiklab.biu.ac.il/~gal/), head of the [Learning Systems Lab](https://chechiklab.biu.ac.il/) and [NVIDIA Research Group IL](https://research.nvidia.com/labs/par/).

# ⭐ Recent Highlights
<!-- <div align="center"><h3>Per-Query Visual Concept Learning</h3></div> -->
<!-- **Affiliations:** <sup>1</sup>Bar-Ilan University, <sup>2</sup>OriginAI, <sup>3</sup>NVIDIA -->
<div align="center">
  <h3>Per-Query Visual Concept Learning <em>(WACV 2026)</em></h3>
  <ins>Ori Malca</ins><sup>1</sup>&emsp;&emsp;Dvir Samuel<sup>1,2</sup>&emsp;&emsp;Gal Chechik<sup>1,3</sup>
  <br>
  <sup>1</sup>Bar-Ilan University&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;<sup>2</sup>OriginAI&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;<sup>3</sup>NVIDIA
  <br>
  <a href="https://per-query-visual-concept-learning.github.io/"><img src="assets/pq_learning/fig1.png" width="85%" height="auto"></a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.09045"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2508.09045-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv" height="25"></a>
  <a href="https://per-query-visual-concept-learning.github.io/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌐%20Project-Page-green" height="25"></a>
<!--   <a href="..."><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Code-blue?logo=github&labelColor=grey" height="25"></a> -->
  <a href="https://huggingface.co/papers/2508.09045"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🤗-Hugging%20Face-orange.svg" height="25"></a>
</div>
<br>
<!-- <br> -->
<div align="center">
  <!-- <span><strong><ins>3to4D</ins></strong>: A method for animating user-provided 3D objects by conditioning on textual prompts to guide 4D generation</span><br> -->
  <!-- <h3>Bringing Objects to Life: 4D generation from 3D objects</h3> -->
  <!-- <div align="center"><h3><ins>3to4D</ins>: A method for animating 3D objects by conditioning on textual prompts to guide 4D generation</h3></div> -->
<!--   <h3><ins>3to4D</ins>: A method for animating 3D objects by conditioning on textual prompts to guide 4D generation</h3> -->
  <h3>Bringing Objects to Life: 4D generation from 3D objects <em>(CVPR 2025)</em></h3>
  Ohad Rahamim*<sup>,1</sup>&emsp;&emsp;<ins>Ori Malca</ins>*<sup>,1</sup>&emsp;&emsp;Dvir Samuel<sup>1,2</sup>&emsp;&emsp;Gal Chechik<sup>1,3</sup>
  <br>
  <sup>1</sup>Bar-Ilan University&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;<sup>2</sup>OriginAI&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;<sup>3</sup>NVIDIA
  <br>
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/paper_1.png" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/paper_2.png" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/paper_3.png" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/paper_4.png" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/3t4d_1.gif" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
  <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.20422v1"><img src="assets/3t4d/3t4d_2.gif" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a>
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/3t4d_3.gif" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/Mario_1.gif" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/Mario_2.gif" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <figure style="text-align: center;"><img src="assets/3t4d/3t4d_2.gif" style="max-height: 100%; width: auto; height: auto;"></figure> -->
  <br>
<!--   <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.20422"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-arXiv-b31b1b?logo=arXiv&labelColor=grey" height="25"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.20422"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-2412.20422-b31b1b?logo=arXiv&labelColor=grey" height="25"></a> -->
  <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.20422v1"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2412.20422-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv" height="25"></a>
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌐%20Project-Page-green" height="25"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌐-Project%20Page-%2300CED1" height="25"></a> -->
  <a href="https://github.com/ohad204/3to4D"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Code-blue?logo=github&labelColor=grey" height="25"></a>
<!--   previously it was <a href="https://github.com/ohad204/3to4D"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-GitHub-blue.svg?logo=github" height="25"></a> -->
  <a href="https://huggingface.co/papers/2412.20422"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🤗-Hugging%20Face-orange.svg" height="25"></a>
<!--   <a href="https://github.com/ohad204/3to4D/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-yellow.svg" height="25"></a> -->
</div>
<!--- 
Previous was:
- Bringing Objects to Life: 4D generation from 3D objects &nbsp;[ [📑 arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.20422) • [🌐 Project Page](https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/) • [🤗 Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/papers/2412.20422) • [💻 Code](https://github.com/ohad204/3to4D) ]
--->
<!-- <br> -->

# 💬 Contact Me
<div>
<!--   <span>Feel free to reach out for discussions or if you are interested in my work!</span> -->
<!--   <br><br> -->
  <p>Feel free to reach out for discussions or if you are interested in my work!</p>
  <div  align="center">
    <!-- <a href="mailto:orimalca2@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-grey?logo=gmail&logoColor=white&labelColor=D14836" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="mailto:orimalca2@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="mailto:orimalca2@gmail.com"><img src="assets/svgs/email.svg" height="60" width="60"></a> -->
    <a href="mailto:orimalca2@gmail.com"><img src="assets/svgs/email_plastic.svg" height="60" width="60"></a>
    <!-- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ori-malca/"><img src="https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/-LinkedIn-grey?logo=linkedin-white&logoColor=fff&labelColor=0A66C2" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ori-malca/"><img src="https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?logo=linkedin-white&logoColor=fff" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ori-malca/"><img src="assets/svgs/linkedin.svg" height="60" width="60"></a> -->
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ori-malca/"><img src="assets/svgs/linkedin_plastic.svg" height="60" width="60"></a>
    <!-- <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=6Hz0jxsAAAAJ"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Scholar-grey?logo=googlescholar&labelColor=white" height="25"></a> -->
    <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=6Hz0jxsAAAAJ"><img src="assets/svgs/scholar_plastic.svg" height="60" width="60"></a>
    <!-- <a href="https://huggingface.co/Orimalca"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugging%20Face-FFD21E?logo=huggingface&logoColor=000" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="https://huggingface.co/Orimalca"><img src="assets/svgs/hf.svg" height="60" width="60"></a> -->
    <a href="https://huggingface.co/Orimalca"><img src="assets/svgs/hf_plastic.svg" height="60" width="60"></a>
    <!-- <a href="https://x.com/Orimalca"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Profile-grey?logo=X&logoColor=white&labelColor=black" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="https://x.com/Orimalca"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Profile-%23000000.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="https://x.com/Orimalca"><img src="assets/svgs/X.svg" height="60" width="60"></a> -->
    <a href="https://x.com/Orimalca"><img src="assets/svgs/X_plastic.svg" height="60" width="60"></a>
  <!--- TODO: add link to **🌐 Personal Website --->
  </div>
</div>
<!---
NOTES
1. posibile emoji's for "Connect with Me" part: [💬, 👥, 🌏, 🙋‍♂️, 😀, 🔗, 🖇️, 🔁, 🙌]
2. for badges refer to https://github.com/inttter/md-badges
3. templates for example in https://github.com/durgeshsamariya/awesome-github-profile-readme-templates/tree/master/templates
4. to create badge link refer to https://shields.io/badges
TODOS
1. Remove space between headings to content underwards to make it look more clear.
--->

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section in README
Updated personal introduction and focus areas.

README.md, after:

# 🙋‍♂️ About Me
ML Researcher with cross-domain experience in developing and deploying ML solutions across research and production environments. M.Sc. in Computer Science from [Bar-Ilan University](https://www.biu.ac.il/en), focused on Deep Learning, Computer Vision, and Generative AI under the supervision of [Prof. Gal Chechik](https://chechiklab.biu.ac.il/~gal/), head of the [Learning Systems Lab](https://chechiklab.biu.ac.il/) and [NVIDIA Research Group IL](https://research.nvidia.com/labs/par/). Highly motivated, quick learner with strong hands-on skills and a love for working in a team.
<!-- Emojis for "About Me": 🙋‍♂️👤 -->

# ⭐ Recent Highlights
<!-- <div align="center"><h3>Per-Query Visual Concept Learning</h3></div> -->
<!-- **Affiliations:** <sup>1</sup>Bar-Ilan University, <sup>2</sup>OriginAI, <sup>3</sup>NVIDIA -->
<div align="center">
  <h3>Per-Query Visual Concept Learning <em>(WACV 2026)</em></h3>
  <ins>Ori Malca</ins><sup>1</sup>&emsp;&emsp;Dvir Samuel<sup>1,2</sup>&emsp;&emsp;Gal Chechik<sup>1,3</sup>
  <br>
  <sup>1</sup>Bar-Ilan University&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;<sup>2</sup>OriginAI&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;<sup>3</sup>NVIDIA
  <br>
  <a href="https://per-query-visual-concept-learning.github.io/"><img src="assets/pq_learning/fig1.png" width="85%" height="auto"></a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.09045"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2508.09045-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv" height="25"></a>
  <a href="https://per-query-visual-concept-learning.github.io/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌐%20Project-Page-green" height="25"></a>
<!--   <a href="..."><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Code-blue?logo=github&labelColor=grey" height="25"></a> -->
  <a href="https://huggingface.co/papers/2508.09045"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🤗-Hugging%20Face-orange.svg" height="25"></a>
</div>
<br>
<!-- <br> -->
<div align="center">
  <!-- <span><strong><ins>3to4D</ins></strong>: A method for animating user-provided 3D objects by conditioning on textual prompts to guide 4D generation</span><br> -->
  <!-- <h3>Bringing Objects to Life: 4D generation from 3D objects</h3> -->
  <!-- <div align="center"><h3><ins>3to4D</ins>: A method for animating 3D objects by conditioning on textual prompts to guide 4D generation</h3></div> -->
<!--   <h3><ins>3to4D</ins>: A method for animating 3D objects by conditioning on textual prompts to guide 4D generation</h3> -->
  <h3>Bringing Objects to Life: 4D generation from 3D objects <em>(CVPR 2025)</em></h3>
  Ohad Rahamim*<sup>,1</sup>&emsp;&emsp;<ins>Ori Malca</ins>*<sup>,1</sup>&emsp;&emsp;Dvir Samuel<sup>1,2</sup>&emsp;&emsp;Gal Chechik<sup>1,3</sup>
  <br>
  <sup>1</sup>Bar-Ilan University&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;<sup>2</sup>OriginAI&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;<sup>3</sup>NVIDIA
  <br>
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/paper_1.png" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/paper_2.png" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/paper_3.png" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/paper_4.png" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/3t4d_1.gif" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
  <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.20422v1"><img src="assets/3t4d/3t4d_2.gif" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a>
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/3t4d_3.gif" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/Mario_1.gif" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="assets/3t4d/Mario_2.gif" width="60.4%" height="auto"></a> -->
<!--   <figure style="text-align: center;"><img src="assets/3t4d/3t4d_2.gif" style="max-height: 100%; width: auto; height: auto;"></figure> -->
  <br>
<!--   <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.20422"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-arXiv-b31b1b?logo=arXiv&labelColor=grey" height="25"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.20422"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-2412.20422-b31b1b?logo=arXiv&labelColor=grey" height="25"></a> -->
  <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.20422v1"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2412.20422-b31b1b.svg?logo=arXiv" height="25"></a>
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌐%20Project-Page-green" height="25"></a> -->
<!--   <a href="https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🌐-Project%20Page-%2300CED1" height="25"></a> -->
  <a href="https://github.com/ohad204/3to4D"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Code-blue?logo=github&labelColor=grey" height="25"></a>
<!--   previously it was <a href="https://github.com/ohad204/3to4D"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-GitHub-blue.svg?logo=github" height="25"></a> -->
  <a href="https://huggingface.co/papers/2412.20422"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/🤗-Hugging%20Face-orange.svg" height="25"></a>
<!--   <a href="https://github.com/ohad204/3to4D/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-yellow.svg" height="25"></a> -->
</div>
<!--- 
Previous was:
- Bringing Objects to Life: 4D generation from 3D objects &nbsp;[ [📑 arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.20422) • [🌐 Project Page](https://3-to-4d.github.io/3-to-4d/) • [🤗 Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/papers/2412.20422) • [💻 Code](https://github.com/ohad204/3to4D) ]
--->
<!-- <br> -->

# 💬 Contact Me
<div>
<!--   <span>Feel free to reach out for discussions or if you are interested in my work!</span> -->
<!--   <br><br> -->
  <p>Feel free to reach out for discussions or if you are interested in my work!</p>
  <div  align="center">
    <!-- <a href="mailto:orimalca2@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-grey?logo=gmail&logoColor=white&labelColor=D14836" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="mailto:orimalca2@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="mailto:orimalca2@gmail.com"><img src="assets/svgs/email.svg" height="60" width="60"></a> -->
    <a href="mailto:orimalca2@gmail.com"><img src="assets/svgs/email_plastic.svg" height="60" width="60"></a>
    <!-- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ori-malca/"><img src="https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/-LinkedIn-grey?logo=linkedin-white&logoColor=fff&labelColor=0A66C2" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ori-malca/"><img src="https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?logo=linkedin-white&logoColor=fff" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ori-malca/"><img src="assets/svgs/linkedin.svg" height="60" width="60"></a> -->
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ori-malca/"><img src="assets/svgs/linkedin_plastic.svg" height="60" width="60"></a>
    <!-- <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=6Hz0jxsAAAAJ"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Scholar-grey?logo=googlescholar&labelColor=white" height="25"></a> -->
    <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=6Hz0jxsAAAAJ"><img src="assets/svgs/scholar_plastic.svg" height="60" width="60"></a>
    <!-- <a href="https://huggingface.co/Orimalca"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugging%20Face-FFD21E?logo=huggingface&logoColor=000" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="https://huggingface.co/Orimalca"><img src="assets/svgs/hf.svg" height="60" width="60"></a> -->
    <a href="https://huggingface.co/Orimalca"><img src="assets/svgs/hf_plastic.svg" height="60" width="60"></a>
    <!-- <a href="https://x.com/Orimalca"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Profile-grey?logo=X&logoColor=white&labelColor=black" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="https://x.com/Orimalca"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Profile-%23000000.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white" height="25"></a> -->
    <!-- <a href="https://x.com/Orimalca"><img src="assets/svgs/X.svg" height="60" width="60"></a> -->
    <a href="https://x.com/Orimalca"><img src="assets/svgs/X_plastic.svg" height="60" width="60"></a>
  <!--- TODO: add link to **🌐 Personal Website --->
  </div>
</div>
<!---
NOTES
1. posibile emoji's for "Connect with Me" part: [💬, 👥, 🌏, 🙋‍♂️, 😀, 🔗, 🖇️, 🔁, 🙌]
2. for badges refer to https://github.com/inttter/md-badges
3. templates for example in https://github.com/durgeshsamariya/awesome-github-profile-readme-templates/tree/master/templates
4. to create badge link refer to https://shields.io/badges
TODOS
1. Remove space between headings to content underwards to make it look more clear.
--->
